README.md, before:

# holman/ama

A repository to ask [@holman](https://twitter.com/holman) anything.

I [worked at GitHub](http://zachholman.com/about) for five years and have [written](http://zachholman.com) and [spoken](http://zachholman.com/talks) a lot about building company culture, improving your development workflow, and really important shit like emoji. If you have a question you're interested in reading me tap out a response for, this is just the joint for you.

### Ask a question

Asking a question is as easy as
[creating a new issue](https://github.com/holman/ama/issues/new) on this
project.

I'll try to answer it as soon as I can get to it. Once I answer I'll close the
issue just so I know what I've covered, but don't worry- if you have any further
questions just respond in the thread and I'll get back to you soon. Feel free to
ask a question on any old issue too, even if you didn't create it.

### Read some questions

Check out the [Closed Issues](https://github.com/holman/ama/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed)
filter on this repository to browse questions I've answered in the past. I try
to use this as an email replacement that everyone can see, so feel free to dig
into some of the older threads.

### Twitter

If you have something quick and easy, just ping me on Twitter. 140 characters
makes everyone more efficient. I'm [@holman](https://twitter.com/holman) on
Twitter.

### Forking

If you'd like to create your own AMA repository:

- Click `Fork` at the top of this page
- Edit the README (make sure to change the name and links and all that)
- Enable issues on your repository (they're in your fork's Settings page).

Commit message:

Create my own AMA repo

README.md, after:

# mihaitodor/ama

A repository to ask [@mihaitodor](https://github.com/mihaitodor) anything. I created this fork of [@holman's repo](https://github.com/holman/ama), since I really liked the idea.

I am a Senior Software Engineer, technical meetup [organiser](https://www.meetup.com/members/179560372/) and [presenter](https://github.com/mihaitodor/Presentations) and I usually enjoy helping others or chatting about technical topics. For more details about me, please check out my [Linkedin profile](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mtodor).

If you have a question you're interested in asking me publicly, this is the right place to do so.

### Ask a question

Asking a question is as easy as [creating a new issue](https://github.com/mihaitodor/ama/issues/new) on this project.

I'll try to answer it as soon as I can get to it. Once I answer, I'll close the issue just so I know what I've covered, but don't worry, if you have any further questions just respond in the thread and I'll get back to you soon. Feel free to ask a question on any old issue too, even if you didn't create it.

### Read some questions

Check out the [Closed Issues](https://github.com/mihaitodor/ama/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed) filter on this repository to browse questions I've answered in the past. I try to use this as an email replacement for public conversations that everyone can see, so feel free to dig into some of the older threads.

### Twitter

If you have something quick and easy, just ping me on Twitter [@MihaiTodor](https://twitter.com/MihaiTodor) or on [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mtodor).

### Forking

If you'd like to create your own AMA repository, head to [@holman's repo](https://github.com/holman/ama) and follow the instructions there.
